Terms of Service Agreement
Terms of service for the Discord Bot Calista, this guides our Users on how they can use Calista. This Terms of Service Agreement (the "Agreement") is entered into between RaineShadow ("Bot Owner") and the user ("User") of the Calista Discord Bot (the "Bot").

Conditions
General conditions regarding Calista are under this topic.

1. Our terms and conditions apply to each and every user of Calista.
2. By adding Calista in your server, you agree to these terms of service and the future terms.
3. By using the Bot, the User agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If the User does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, they should immediately discontinue use of the Bot.

Terms of Use
1. Intentional command spam or attempts to crash the Bot should not be made.
2. Calista should not be used in Bot spam servers which cause command spam.
3. Calista Team reserves the rights to prohibit any server or user from using Calista.
4. The User is responsible for any violation caused by them.
5. We have the rights to update terms of service anytime. We will give notice in Calista Support Server about the updated Terms of Service.
6. The Bot Owner grants the User a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use the Bot for personal or non-commercial purposes.
7. The User may not use the Bot in any way that violates applicable laws, rules, or regulations or infringes upon the rights of any third party. The User may not use the Bot for any commercial purposes without the express written consent of the Bot Owner.
8. The Bot Owner shall not be liable for any damages arising out of the use or inability to use the Bot, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, loss of data, or other intangible losses.
9. The Bot Owner may modify or discontinue the Bot at any time without notice. The User agrees that the Bot Owner shall not be liable to the User or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Bot.
10. The Bot and all intellectual property rights therein are and shall remain the property of the Bot Owner. The User agrees not to copy, modify, or distribute the Bot or any portion thereof without the express written consent of the Bot Owner.
11. The User agrees to indemnify and hold harmless the Bot Owner, its affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all claims, damages, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising out of the User's use of the Bot.
12. This Agreement may be terminated by either party at any time for any reason. Upon termination, the User must immediately cease all use of the Bot.
13. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements or representations, whether written or oral, relating to the Bot.

By using the Bot, the User acknowledges that they have read this Agreement, understand it, and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.
